
## Key Thoughts

**The Use of Symbols as a form of Network**
The use of symbols as a representation of networks goes back thousands of years. Symbols are used to mark a network within in a geographical region.  Some of examples include:
- Masonic Order
- Ancient Egypt
- Cave drawings
- Gang graffie
- Political symbols (e.g. xxx)
- Religious symbols (e.g xx)

This can include sub-derivatives of these symbols as a means of showing connectedness to the original network.  An example of such are Orthadox Christian and Christianity, where Christianity uses the cross as a religious symbol whereas the Orthadox cross uses a derivative of the cross where there are additional lines added.  As discussed previously, this is a good example of context where there are networks within networks.

**Defining Importance**

[As stated previously](obsidian://open?vault=hist1900c-starter-vault&file=memex-main%2Fdocs%2FA.%20Topics%2FSection%201%20-%20Early%20Knowledge%20Networks%2F1.1%20Archaeology%2C%20History%2C%20and%20the%20Internet%20-%20%20ways%20of%20seeing), the application of knowledge obtained will have drastic ramifications for both the general public and the individual.  Manipulation of the form of a message, by selectively providing information can create an altered perception of a situation. For example, when the government announces X amount of jobs created in the last, but they do not provide how many were lost and the true net effect.  This is an example where there are two facts that are equally true, but one is neglected in order to make the other seem more important.

**Distribution of Knowledge**
Ideally knowledge and its distribution should be open to all.  The ideal of information for all is entrenched in the form of Libraries. Libraries have existed have existed for thousands of years, even in ancient times such as the great [Library of Alexandria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Alexandria).

These places harboured the most advanced studies and research of the times and has provided accessibility to the knowledge to anyone who might be interested.  Unfortunately, there are people who have seeked to repress the knowledge in order to maintain their power even if it resulted harm to others or death.

An example of this is that there have been times where innocent people have been tried, convicted, and executed when they had successfully proven that the current knowledge is incorrect.  An example of this would be the dark ages, where scientists of the times were executed by the state because the science at hand would disagree and disprove religious narratives.   This would cause a regression in both knowledge networks and human technological evolution for centuries to come. 

Similarly, a modern day issue has arisen where people have lost the trust in science and scientists based on the fact that we do not know what has been tampered with or not.



## Notes from Class

Medium is something that carries something else

The person who decides what is important themselves gains importance

Delivery is as important as the message

Classification of information changes the power structure

Writing has an impact on society

No natural way for documents to be organized

Reorganization of information occurred during the times of massive public investment and reform of education

Libraries allow us to reflect into the past

Digital computers were invented not long after

When digitized, information is aware of their relationship to the rest of the network

Hypertext was an expansion of that potential, however the door only opens one way