
## Key Thoughts

**Evolution of Language**
-  Language as a means of distribution of information
-  Written language exists as far back as Neaderthals
- [First known writing is from Sumarians roughly 3400BC] (https://www.getty.edu/news/where-did-writing-come-from/#:~:text=The%20earliest%20known%20writing%20was,for%20styluses%20(writing%20tools) @WhereDidWriting
- A bridge to these languages was from the Phonieanas
- 

**Digitization of Knowledge**
Because of rapidly growing populations and the vast distances that information would have to drave, there became a need to accelerate the documentation of knowledge.   New forms of print were created - such as the print press - in order to spead up the creation of repositories that were previously hand written.

Related to this, because of the distances between individuals and knowledge centres, we had to develop newer and faster ways to deliver information without having to rely on "relays" to provide information to distant locations.  An example of this could be related to electricity, where electricity has only a certain distance it can travel before it disipates and looses effectiveness. As such, it requires an amplifier, which is a type of relay, to expand its distance before dissipation.  The telegraph served this purpose for rapid distribution of short forms of knowledge, allowing it to be distributed even across oceans.


**Cyptology & Cryptoanalysis**
The use of cryptography can be seens as a tool of power for the control of information. The purpose of Cryptology is to prevent prying eyes from seeing information. For instance, morse code. Morse code was primarily used as a form of communication during the world wars as each country created their own form to prevent enemy codebreakers from easily deciphering the messages.




## Notes from Class

Cryptology is a system to keep messages secret

Cryptanalysis is the system to decode the secret messages