

## Key Thoughts

As stated in the material, it states that a network must contain two or more mediums, that communicate to one another. If one network talks to another network connects to another network, that implies that a much larger network has been created.  So if one extends this to today's environment, and if the internet is interconnect with most, if not everything, to do with our daily lives, where and when does the network begin and end?

While the material is attempting to infer that everything requires context in order to make it meanful, in itself also requires context. If one is discussing objects, then no context is required however when dealing with information, context must always be included.   Raw data will always be truthful and right. Information is dealt at the hands of the dealer whether or not the dealer is corrupt or not. Information itself is contextual and can be manipulate in order to deliver a targeted message.

The evolution of knowledge networks should be simply built around the evolution of human knowledge into the unknown. That being said, it has simply become simply another tool for power.  For example, the origins of COVID-19. It has been over three years into the pandamic but we have yet to obtain concrete evidence surrounding the origins of the outbreak. There are are many theories that many political groups have latched on to, such as a natural outbreak from bats in China, while others claim that it originated in biolab. In a perfect knowledge network, we would have 100 percent concrete evidence for what the origins were. However, the powers that be have repeatedly hid the information from the public for the own personal gain. 

COVID 19 was also a good example of the limitations o f knowledge networks.   It was the first time that we needed to globally look at an issue, but we had wildly different standards that data was collected across the globe.  These gaps showed how there is a point where knowledge networks become flawed - when the spread becomes inconsistant. What makes it inconsistant is that we allow people to manipulate how the data is handled and delivered


## Notes from Class

Complicated vs Complex: 

-   Circuitry vs transportation 
    

Assemblage Theory 

Material Engagement Theory: 

-   Interaction between Humans and objects 
    

Perspectives: 

-   If you don’t believe something is important, you won’t notice it 
    
-   Meaning is relational 
    

Network: 

-   A network exists during a relationship between two ore more entities in which information flows 
    
-   A network will leave physical traces 
    
-   Certain networks will produce interactions more complex 
    
-   Components of a network are the assemblage 
    

*  *